Competitons:
1) https://rooms.yorku.dev/
  - This website allows users to find empty rooms at York University given classroom/building and time period inputs from users.
  - How is our product different? We will provide information regarding the *closest* buildings and rooms. We will visualize that information better using an interactive map and cleaner UI. We will extend the service to include libraries and cafes. And Finally, we will add support for directions and a rating/review system.
  - This product is better for scenarios where students are unsure of which buildings to search for. It is also better for students who want to explore libraries and cafes, want directions to their destinations, and would like to read/provide feedback and ratings to the different spots. The competitor will need a lot restructuring on their original website to focus on the scenarios we are addressing, because they are assuming their users know which buildings they want to study in. We do not make that assumption.
2) https://spots.aksharbarot.com/
  - This is a website developed by a University of Waterloo student specifically for the University of Waterloo to help students find empty rooms and lecture halls on their campus
  - How is our product different? Our product is different because we will be providing the same services for York University, we will be supporting libraries and cafes, providing options to filter between them. We are also thinking of providing directions to the target location, and implementing a rating and review system for the different study spots.
  - This product is better for York University students. It is better for the scenarios where students want to explore libraries and cafes, want directions to their destinations, and would like to read/provide feedback and ratings to the different spots. The competitor did not focus on York University because they are not part of this University, and information regarding empty lecture halls and classrooms at York University is not easily accessible.
